README.md, before:

### After School Online Lessons Booking System for Students using VueJS, ExpressJS, NodeJS, MongoDB, and AWS

> To Access this repo online click [here](https://github.com/MHMDHIDR/web-based-mobile-app-dev-coursework2-api)\
> **or Copy this link: https://github.com/MHMDHIDR/web-based-mobile-app-dev-coursework2-api**

> To view the project online click [here](https://github.com/MHMDHIDR/web-based-mobile-app-dev-coursework2)\
> **or copy this link: https://github.com/MHMDHIDR/web-based-mobile-app-dev-coursework2**

> To Read the Client (VueJS) implementation of the project on Github click [here](https://mhmdhidr.github.io/web-based-mobile-app-dev-coursework2-client)\
> **or copy this link: https://mhmdhidr.github.io/web-based-mobile-app-dev-coursework2-client**

## Project setup

open terminal in MacOS or git bash in windows and run the following command

1. Open the terminal in MacOS, Linux or git bash in Windows then run the following commands

```
> cd /path/to/the/directory/you/want/to/clone/the/project/in
```

```
> git clone https://github.com/MHMDHIDR/web-based-mobile-app-dev-coursework2-api.git
```

2. Open the project in your favourite IDE (VSCode, Atom, Sublime Text, etc.)

3. Open the terminal in your IDE and run the following command

```
> npm install
```

### Enjoy, and don't forget to star the repo if you like it 😊

Commit message:

Add links to client implementation and endpoint response

README.md, after:

### After School Online Lessons Booking System for Students using VueJS, ExpressJS, NodeJS, MongoDB, and AWS

> To Access this repo online click [here](https://github.com/MHMDHIDR/web-based-mobile-app-dev-coursework2-api)\
> **or Copy this link: https://github.com/MHMDHIDR/web-based-mobile-app-dev-coursework2-api**

> To view the project online click [here](https://github.com/MHMDHIDR/web-based-mobile-app-dev-coursework2)\
> **or copy this link: https://github.com/MHMDHIDR/web-based-mobile-app-dev-coursework2**

> To Read the Client (VueJS) implementation of the project on Github click [here](https://mhmdhidr.github.io/web-based-mobile-app-dev-coursework2-client)\
> **or copy this link: https://mhmdhidr.github.io/web-based-mobile-app-dev-coursework2-client**

> To View the endpoint Response with all of the available lessons on AWS Elastic Beanstalk [ 👉🏼 **[HERE]** ](http://m00970572-lessons-booking-system.eu-west-2.elasticbeanstalk.com/lessons)\
> \
> **or Copy this Link and Paste into Your Browser:
> \
> http://m00970572-lessons-booking-system.eu-west-2.elasticbeanstalk.com/lessons**

## Project setup

open terminal in MacOS or git bash in windows and run the following command

1. Open the terminal in MacOS, Linux or git bash in Windows then run the following commands

```
> cd /path/to/the/directory/you/want/to/clone/the/project/in
```

```
> git clone https://github.com/MHMDHIDR/web-based-mobile-app-dev-coursework2-api.git
```

2. Open the project in your favourite IDE (VSCode, Atom, Sublime Text, etc.)

3. Open the terminal in your IDE and run the following command

```
> npm install
```

### Enjoy, and don't forget to star the repo if you like it 😊
